then the inhabitants of Jerusalem made a
huzzah his youngest son King in his
place for the Raiders who came with the
Arabians into the camp had killed all
the older sons so a has iya the son of
jihad on king of Judah reigned a desire
was 42 years old when he became King and
he reigned one year in Jerusalem his
mother's name was Ethel aya the grand
daughter of Amran he also walked in the
ways of the house of Ahab for his mother
advised him to do wickedly therefore he
did evil in the sight of the Lord like
the house of Ahab for they were his
counselors after the death of his father
to his destruction he also followed
their advice and went with jihad on the
son of Ahab king of Israel to war
against has al king of syria at ramoth
gilead and the syrians wounded children
then he returned to Jezreel to recover
from the wounds which he had received a
tremor when he fought against has al
king of syria and Azariah the son of
jihad on king of judah went down to see
Jahoda the son of a ha in Jezreel
because he was sick his going to Jordan
was God's occasion for a his ayahs
downfall for when he arrived he went out
with jihad on against G Hugh the son of
nimshi whom the Lord had anointed to cut
off the house of Ahab and it happened
when G Hugh was executing judgment on
the house of Ahab and found the princes
of Judah and the sons of Ahaz iers
brothers who served a has ire that he
killed
then he searched for a desire and they
caught him he was hiding in Samaria and
brought him to G hue when they had
killed him they buried him because he is
the son of Jehoshaphat who sought the
Lord with all his heart so the house of
a has ire had no one to assume power
over the kingdom now when Ethel Iyer
the mother of Ahaz I saw that her son
was dead she arose and destroyed all the
royal heirs of the house of Judah but G
ho shabath the daughter of the king took
joash the son of Ahaziah and stole him
away from among the king's sons who are
being murdered and put him and his nurse
in a bedroom so G ho shabath the
daughter of king jihad on the wife of
jehoiada the priest for she was the
sister of a Hosea hid him from Ethel
ayah so that she did not kill him and he
was hidden with him in the house of God
for six years while a a liar reigned
over the land
you